add gsoc-2023-kotlinx-benchmark (#53)
KotlinFoundation/kotlinfoundation.github.io: src/pages/news/gsoc-2023-kotlinx-benchmark/index.md

* **Improved error messages**: A library's UX is significantly influenced by the quality of its error feedback. Error messages were revamped, ensuring they are not only accurate but also instructive, guiding users towards solutions.
* **Refined integration tests**: Comprehensive integration tests were added to ensure stability across a variety of use cases.
* **Tech stack modernization**: The library was migrated to the latest versions of Gradle and JMH, and transitioned from Groovy DSL to the latest version of Kotlin DSL to optimize the build scripts.
* **Streamlined profiler usage**: In response to feedback from our users, the process of running profilers was simplified, facilitating a smoother user experience.

## Next Steps

To further enhance _kotlinx-benchmark_, we are planning to:
* Support the Android target and integrate the _androidx.benchmark_ framework into _kotlinx-benchmark_.
* Implement an IntelliJ IDEA plugin to support running benchmarks with a click of a run button, the same way as running unit tests.

> If you'd like to help continue improving _kotlinx-benchmark_, check out the project's [contribution guide](https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx-benchmark/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: This page [doesn't](https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx-benchmark/CONTRIBUTING.md) exist.
Kotlin/kotlinx-benchmark#167 still opened. 😞

Author: ```suggestion
If you'd like to help continue improving _kotlinx-benchmark_, check out the [open issues](https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx-benchmark/issues) for ideas on where to jump in.
```
